alerting:clarify silence preview (#83754)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/alerting/configure-notifications/create-silence.md

Silences stop notifications from getting created and last for only a specified window of time.

> **Note:**
> 
> - Inhibition rules are not supported in the Grafana Alertmanager.
> - The preview of silenced alerts will only apply to alerts in firing state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
- Inhibition rules are not supported in the Grafana Alertmanager.
- The preview of silenced alerts only applies to alerts in firing state.
{{< /admonition >}}
```
